📝 Fix "Decimals in SQLModel" to reference `Field()` instead of `condecimal()` (#2035)
fastapi/sqlmodel: docs/advanced/decimal.md

## Decimals in SQLModel

> Let's say that each hero in the database will have an amount of money. We could make that field a `Decimal` type and set the number of digits and decimal places in the `Field()` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say that each hero in the database will have an amount of money. We can define that field as a `Decimal` and configure the maximum number of digits and decimal places using the parameters of `Field()`:
```

Author: updated with your wording, rebased onto current main, and verified with the changed-file hooks and docs build. thanks.
